c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LKSN\LKSN\bin\Debug\LKSN.exe.config
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LKSN\LKSN\bin\Debug\LKSN.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LKSN\LKSN\bin\Debug\LKSN.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LKSN\LKSN\bin\Debug\LKSN.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LKSN\LKSN\obj\Debug\LKSN.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LKSN\LKSN\obj\Debug\LKSN.Form1.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LKSN\LKSN\obj\Debug\LKSN.LoginForm1.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LKSN\LKSN\obj\Debug\LKSN.Resources.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LKSN\LKSN\obj\Debug\LKSN.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LKSN\LKSN\obj\Debug\LKSN.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LKSN\LKSN\obj\Debug\LKSN.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LKSN\LKSN\obj\Debug\LKSN.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LKSN\LKSN\obj\Debug\LKSN.testing.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LKSN\LKSN\obj\Debug\LKSN.me_form.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LKSN\LKSN\obj\Debug\LKSN.mi_form.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LKSN\LKSN\obj\Debug\LKSN.mrt_form.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LKSN\LKSN\obj\Debug\LKSN.mr_form.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LKSN\LKSN\obj\Debug\LKSN.rserv_form.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LKSN\LKSN\obj\Debug\LKSN.check_form.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LKSN\LKSN\obj\Debug\LKSN.cheout_form.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LKSN\LKSN\obj\Debug\LKSN.rai_form.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LKSN\LKSN\obj\Debug\LKSN.addhouseschedule_form.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LKSN\LKSN\obj\Debug\LKSN.cleaing_form.resources
