c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\bin\Debug\SalviaRent.exe.config
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\bin\Debug\SalviaRent.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\bin\Debug\SalviaRent.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\bin\Debug\SalviaRent.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\obj\Debug\SalviaRent.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\obj\Debug\SalviaRent.formUtama.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\obj\Debug\SalviaRent.LoginForm1.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\obj\Debug\SalviaRent.Resources.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\obj\Debug\SalviaRent.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\obj\Debug\SalviaRent.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\obj\Debug\SalviaRent.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\obj\Debug\SalviaRent.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\obj\Debug\SalviaRent.formCD.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\obj\Debug\SalviaRent.formPelanggan.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\obj\Debug\SalviaRent.formKaryawan.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\obj\Debug\SalviaRent.formPeminjaman.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\obj\Debug\SalviaRent.formCari.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\obj\Debug\SalviaRent.formCari2.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\obj\Debug\SalviaRent.formPengembalian.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\obj\Debug\SalviaRent.formAturDenda.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\obj\Debug\SalviaRent.formRiwayatKem.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\obj\Debug\SalviaRent.formRiwayatPin.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\obj\Debug\SalviaRent.test.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\bin\Debug\SalviaRent.exe.manifest
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\bin\Debug\SalviaRent.application
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\obj\Debug\SalviaRent.exe.manifest
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SalviaRent\SalviaRent\obj\Debug\SalviaRent.application
