c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apotek\Apotek\bin\Debug\Apotek.exe.config
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apotek\Apotek\bin\Debug\Apotek.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apotek\Apotek\bin\Debug\Apotek.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apotek\Apotek\bin\Debug\Apotek.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apotek\Apotek\obj\Debug\Pharmacy.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apotek\Apotek\obj\Debug\Apotek.formMain.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apotek\Apotek\obj\Debug\Apotek.formLogin.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apotek\Apotek\obj\Debug\Apotek.Resources.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apotek\Apotek\obj\Debug\Pharmacy.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apotek\Apotek\obj\Debug\Apotek.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apotek\Apotek\obj\Debug\Apotek.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apotek\Apotek\obj\Debug\Apotek.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apotek\Apotek\obj\Debug\Apotek.formEmployee.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apotek\Apotek\obj\Debug\Apotek.formMember.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apotek\Apotek\obj\Debug\Apotek.formDrugs.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apotek\Apotek\obj\Debug\Apotek.formSupplier.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apotek\Apotek\obj\Debug\Apotek.formPurchase.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apotek\Apotek\obj\Debug\Apotek.formSearch.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apotek\Apotek\obj\Debug\Apotek.formSale.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apotek\Apotek\obj\Debug\Apotek.formHistPur.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apotek\Apotek\obj\Debug\Apotek.formHistSale.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Apotek\Apotek\obj\Debug\Apotek.formRetur.resources
